Nov cloud monthly updates (#3443)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/cloud-updates.md

InfluxDB Cloud updates occur frequently. Find a compilation of recent updates below.
To find information about the latest Flux updates in InfluxDB Cloud, see [Flux release notes](/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/flux/).

## November 2021

- [Remove Website demo data](#remove-website-demo-data)
- [Add sample data buckets to Notebooks UI](#add-sample-data-buckets-to-notebooks-ui)
- [Add ability to share notebooks](#add-ability-to-share-notebooks)
- [Update Tokens UI](#update-tokens-ui)

> ### Remove Website Demo Data
> 
> To improve user experience and consolidate system-delivered data, we removed the Website Demo Data bucket in Data Explorer. If you're looking for a data to get started with in InfluxDB Cloud, check out sample data buckets, which support a variety of use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
### Remove Website Demo Data

To improve user experience and consolidate system-delivered data, we removed the Website Demo Data bucket in Data Explorer. If you're looking for data to get started with in InfluxDB Cloud, check out sample data buckets, which support a variety of use cases.
```

### Add sample data buckets to Notebooks UI

Sample data buckets provide a way to explore InfluxDB without ingesting your own data. Now, you can add sample data buckets directly into your notebooks:

- Air Sensor Data
- Coinbase bitcoin price
- NOAA National Buoy Data

> - USGS Earthquakes

Author: docs update for this: https://github.com/influxdata/docs-v2/issues/3444

### Add ability to share notebooks

> Add ability to [share a notebook](/influxdb/cloud/notebooks/manage-notebooks/#share-a-notebook) in the the InfluxDB Cloud notebook UI.

Author: added docs update to _Overview of notebooks_ and _Manage notebooks_ in [this PR]( https://github.com/influxdata/docs-v2/pull/3435/files)

Author: PR merged

### Update Tokens UI

> To enhance security, the Token UI will only display an InfluxDB Cloud token when it's first created. If you return to the Token page later, you will not be able to view or copy the token.

Author: Delivering in January--remove

<!-- ## January 2022
### Update Tokens UI

To enhance security, the Token UI will only display an InfluxDB Cloud token when it's first created. If you return to the Token page later, you will not be able to view or copy the token. -->

## November 2021

- [Remove Website demo data](#remove-website-demo-data)
- [Add sample data buckets to Notebooks UI](#add-sample-data-buckets-to-notebooks-ui)
- [Add ability to share notebooks](#add-ability-to-share-notebooks)

### Remove Website Demo Data

To improve user experience and consolidate system-delivered data, we removed the Website Demo Data bucket in Data Explorer, and now provide new sample data buckets in notebooks (see [Add sample data buckets to Notebooks UI](#add-sample-data-buckets-to-notebooks-ui)). If you've used the Website Demo Data bucket in the past, your existing demo data isn't affected, and you may continue to use the data as needed.

### Add sample data buckets to Notebooks UI

To get started with sample data in InfluxDB Cloud, check out the new sample data buckets in the Notebooks UI, which support a variety of use cases. Sample data buckets provide a way to explore InfluxDB without ingesting your own data.

> Now, you can add the following sample data buckets directly into your notebooks:

Author: ```suggestion
Now, you can add the following buckets with packaged sample data to your notebooks:
```

> Now, you can add the following buckets with packaged sample data to your notebooks:

Author: ```suggestion
Now, you can add the following buckets with sample data to your notebooks:
```
